README.md, before:

# Connect4
Connect4 is the classic "connect four" game made with HTML, CSS, and JS, available in Spanish and English. Play alone or with friends and unlock achievements on the site.

## Project structure
<pre>
  ┌── app/                    Project source code
  │   ├── controllers/        Controllers of the app
  │   ├── enums/              Enumerator files
  │   └── models/             Application data models
  ├── config/                 Configuration files
  │   ├── config.php          Main system configuration
  │   ├── database/           Database-related files
  │   │   ├── database.php    File that controls database migrations
  │   │   └── migrations/     The app migrations
  │   └── routes/             Route-related settings
  │       ├── Router.php      Router file
  │       └── web.php         Web routes file
  ├── public/                 Public files
  │   ├── css/                CSS files
  │   ├── font/               System fonts
  │   ├── img/                Images
  │   ├── js/                 Javascript files
  │   ├── .htaccess           Access control file
  │   └── index.php           Main app file
  ├── resources/              Project views and components
  │   ├── components/         System components
  │   └── views/              Project views
  └── README.md               General project documentation
</pre>

Commit message:

Docs: Update README to include translations

README.md, after:

# Connect4
Connect4 is the classic "connect four" game made with HTML, CSS, and JS, available in four languages. Play alone or with friends and unlock achievements on the site.

## Available languages
- English
- Spanish
- Portuguese
- French

## Project structure
<pre>
  ┌── app/                    Project source code
  │   ├── api/                Api controllers for endpoints
  │   ├── controllers/        Controllers of the app
  │   ├── enums/              Enumerator files
  │   └── models/             Application data models
  ├── config/                 Configuration files
  │   ├── config.php          Main system configuration
  │   ├── database/           Database-related files
  │   │   ├── database.php    File that controls database migrations
  │   │   └── migrations/     The app migrations
  │   └── routes/             Route-related settings
  │       ├── api.php         Api routes file for endpoints
  │       ├── Router.php      Router file
  │       └── web.php         Web routes file
  ├── public/                 Public files
  │   ├── css/                CSS files
  │   ├── font/               System fonts
  │   ├── img/                Images
  │   ├── js/                 Javascript files
  │   ├── translations/       Translation files
  │   ├── .htaccess           Access control file
  │   └── index.php           Main app file
  ├── resources/              Project views and components
  │   ├── components/         System components
  │   └── views/              Project views
  └── README.md               General project documentation
</pre>
